# Aerodynamics
* Keywords: 
* Possible contacts: Wei Yu, Alexander M.C.M.G. Spoelstra

All of the following children are to be combined to create some strawman concepts

## Flow Around User
* Keywords: enclosed motorcycle, Human Power Team Delft, WASUB,

Concerns the use of devices/clothing to enhance the aerodynamics of the system.

### No Encapsulation
Concepts for making the user more aerodynamic essentially.
1)  `Motorcycling Suit` *The user would wear an optimised motorcycling suit, without many
 aerodynamic optimisations.*
2)  `Textured Skinsuit` *The user would wear a suit similar to the ones used for cycling races. 
 This one could include some textured areas to optimise aerodynamics.*
3)  `Flow Redirection` *The flow would be redirected before encountering the user. This can be
 achieved with flaps in front, etc.*
4)  `Special Helmet` *This one is mostly to be considered in combination with the `Motorcycle
/racing` user positioning. The user would wear a helmet that optimises the flow over the back.*\

*NB: These options should also be considered with `Partial Encapsulation`*

### Encapsulation
Concepts to enclose the user and not consider the aerodynamics of a human body.
1)  `Full Encapsulation` *The user would be fully enclosed within the system. Very similar to
 enclosed motorbikes/bicycles.*
2)  `Partial Encapsulation` *The user would be partially enclosed in the system. Consider for
 example open top cars or windshields on scooters.*


## Lift Generation
* Keywords: compound helicopter,

Concerns how lift will be generated, exactly

### Non-powered
We could use a non-powered method to generate part of the lift and reduce the power required
 **during flight**.
1)  `Partial Lift Wing` *Part of the required lifting force is generated by a fixed wing.*
2)  `Full Lift Wing` *All of the lifting force is generated by a fixed wing.*
3)  `Partial Lift Autogyro` *Part of the lifting force is generated by an autogyro system.*
4)  `Full Lift Autogyro` *All of the lifting force is generated by an autogyro system.*

### Powered
This option entails a powered lift generation method, which is not part of aerodynamics anymore.


## User Positioning
* Keywords: cyclist ergonomics, motorcycle ergonomics, cycling aerodynamics,

Concerns the way the user will be oriented in the system to enhance aerodynamics. Next to
 aerodynamics, ergonomics and operations should also be considered.

### Lying down
I'm talking about lying completely flat here, unlike the cycling position.
Should look into a bit of ergonomical arguments here.
1)  `Belly down` *The user would lie flat on their stumach, legs stretched. Very similar to
 `Motorcycle/racing`*
2)  `Belly up` *The user would lie flat on their back, legs stretched. Very similar to `Recumbent
 Bike Position`*

### Cycling position
There a gazillion positions to cycle in. This is specifically about the more
speed-oriented positions.
1)  `Motorcycle/racing` *The user would sit, bent over, with both legs on the side of the seating
 position of the system (think racing motorbikes/bicycles). Very similar to `Belly down`.*
2)  `Recumbent Bike Position` *The user would sit, almost lying on their backs (think a recumbent
 bike). Very similar to `Belly up`.*

### Upright position
What the title says, positions where the user is upright in a way
1)  `Sitting` *A position similar to a classic Dutch bike.*
2)  `"Standing"` *Imagine yourself being picked up while standing and that's how you're
 positioned the rest of the flight.*


## Baggage Stowage
*Keywords:

Concerns the options for aerodynamically stowing the baggage of the user. Some of these concepts
 could be combined to create a better overall baggage solution.

### Enclosed Stowage
Options where the baggage is put in something while flying.
1)  `Integrated in Structure` *There is an integrated baggage compartment in the system structure.*
2)  `Bike Bags` *The system contains some type of external bags to put baggage in.*
3)  `Backpack` *The user carries some type of backpack with all of the baggage inside.*

### Open Stowage
Options where the baggage is exposed to the air while flying.
1)  `Baggage Rack` *The baggage is stowed on a rack similar to the ones on bikes.*
2)  `Baggage Hooks` *The system has hooks on the outside to hang bags of baggage on.*
